I'm here today with Nicola use one of
Ireland's top models and we're just
gonna find out a little bit more about
her so Nicola
where are you from I'm from Sandy wait
until our idea and did you grow up in
Sandy for dinners up blackrock for two
years and then sandy fridge since was
two my brothers would so what was your
very first job as a model and the first
and I remember was it assets it was for
the FAO I think and had it's in these
jerseys it was awful looking back now
it's still on the internet it kills me
to watch it
so we Google Sarah tariqa for oh its
tourist staying in the world I just look
so all great and awful and I don't have
to do my hair and my makeup and you kind
of learn all these things as you go on
so just looking back now it's really
horrible yeah see this is the thing no I
wouldn't know too much about this is
there much of a difference between
fashion and Prescott I'm commercial more
so then yes it's commercial practical
and then this fashion so what fashion
you'd have to be over five eighths you'd
have to be quite or I'm a commercial you
can be Annie hi Ireland's completely
different industry then to anywhere else
it's not like if I wouldn't get back
books for a lot of jobs because I
wouldn't be curve you know if I wouldn't
be like big enough to wear tomorrow
woman's dresses so I could say in
Ireland day I'm or whatever which is
completely different
an Iraq in London anywhere house you
need to be like kimchi and like really
really taller like it's not completely
different industry would you not do
better in London or New York and because
you are really teen and you're tall
enough they're really like what about
the heels huh it's just Maddie you have
to be 5/8 without heels even touring if
they want they like if I turn toward her
you need to be really tall glamour model
that's it's not for you no that's not
for you I found the bikini I won't get
my kid off no so you wouldn't do it
Rosana Davis and playboy say no I just
feel see a bottle my boy honest he's
drill doesn't know at the beginning
are the lingerie shoes and although he's
he's gotten say yes or no he didn't like
at the start and there's obviously a few
things I've drawn that he hasn't liked
certain poses and stuff hoodie he's used
to at night he just knows now it's part
today it's kind of hard to say no to
photographers sometimes if they're
paying you to do a certain job and they
ask you to do a certain thing you're
kind of feel you should say no but you
kind of don't say no a lot of the time
because you're like you fucked me for
this I have to do whatever so your dad
hasn't called knocking on a
photographers don't kick down the door
so just all future photographers beware
yeah I've had boyfriend's like that
night I've wanted to do that but no no
it does would you meet many tennis nuts
hey it's very hard to have a boyfriend I
think in this kind of industry when
you're half-naked the whole time like if
you have in any way a jealous boyfriends
it's like they don't want you they want
a little are looking at you like that
really yeah they're not from a modeling
it background themselves no no I'd never
go for a model was enough but they not
know the industry a bit more would
necessarily wouldn't be a no Jess
they're not my cup of tea at all what
characteristics are what features would
you look for a man I generally go for
kind of bold for Heath where would you
find a ball boy in and they'd oh I don't
know anyway Facebook coppers yeah what
guys Krista to go fish no nothing I
standing face to go really I just don't
wanna get a cock freeze because you
gotta get lost and conference you don't
want to get lost
yeah exactly hi Jan you guys Chris and I
can't change it so every sometimes
anyway is there one thing that's gonna
drive you a man away from you so if you
look at my we just got really fancy
different girly I can't stand I came
over to bit a poem that is you know it's
like yeah no I hate that it's it's
really I think cuz I'd be more I'm not
like manly not girly I'm just a I'm just
a real depend on not attracted to that
if someone's really sensitive I know I
don't mind that it depends on what
they're like so if they're real boy like
a boys boy like into sports and they're
not like I do like obviously cuddles and
stuff if you're going out with someone
bush
I don't know I don't have to really
explain intermediate allows that are
like would write poetry or listen to
their moms or I know I like someone
that's close to their family but not
like a mummy's not a mama's boy
ya know like boys just the way of my big
sports mates going down the weekend not
to I like I do like someone's up for a
laugh I don't like someone that's
complete person rough and rugged that's
a hot dogs beer that's your perfect
dress and it works out at the other time
but like if you're all over each other
in public like you need to go home
course well like I don't know I don't
care if I want to impress you on it like
we weren't going out on a night out we
were just sitting in watching TV if I do
cook you a meal now what have you liked
my embarrasses field is that the kind of
stuff you go for or would you like to
bottle of wine the nice sort of salad
and chicken that kind of stuff I pretend
I like ya I pretend I don't think I've
actually ever be in a proper first date
it's weird like if a man ever asked me
I'd always turn them down I'm kind of
nervous for first dates and kind of
awkward yeah the thoughts are sitting
across from someone at the table like
just makes me die inside like I just
come on to it so this is a so on the
first day what was it like for a first
day it happy some different if you don't
like sitting down yeah or you can call
it a cinema because you can't talk to
anyone I'd say just the house or
something I got a note I straight for
her not like that just for a movie it's
more relaxing sitting on the couch and
it will be sitting across from each
other trying to make conversation like
that's just that work my worst nightmare
what about go curtain or paper yeah my
boyfriend actually took me go karting
for my first birthday risin umbrella and
sock on it it's for its kind not sports
for like activities so you'd like that
you'd like to do something different and
I do like romance when I'm with someone
but I like if it's first day kind of
those kind of things I think staffing it
better to get out and get active and get
more comfortable with each other yes do
you know the way in top grade
the track and you get the feed with the
drive around the track and see the
fastest time okay
we haven't got the truck or the care we
have got a little bit a little crazy so
we'd love you to do is turn around and
see how long you can hit him for
right okay I'll give it a shot you're
getting for that yeah all right here's
the hill do